capital = 953

oob = "GRM_592"

set_convoys = 10

set_research_slots = 3

set_stability = 0.50
set_war_support = 0.3

add_ideas = {
	tribe
	limited_conscription
	early_military_development
	export_focus

	tauren_primary_race

	primary_trait_war_stomping
	primary_trait_nature_resistance
	primary_trait_endurance

	primary_religion_tauren_mythology
	secondary_religion_shamanism
}

set_technology = {
	town_hall_tech = 1
	peasants_tech = 1
	construction_tools_1 = 1
	support_equipment_tech = 1
	militia_equipment_tech_1 = 1
	militia_equipment_tech_1 = 1
	workshop_tech = 1
	blacksmith_tech = 1
	blacksmith_unit_tech_1 = 1
	farm_tech = 1
	mines_tech = 1
	lumber_mill_tech = 1
	scout_tower_1 = 1
	arcane_tower_tech = 1
	tailor_tech = 1
	leather_working_tech = 1

	barracks_tech = 1
	footman_tech = 1
	footman_weapons_tech_1 = 1
	guard_tech = 1
	pikeman_tech = 1
	pikeman_weapons_tech_1 = 1
	archer_tech = 1
	archer_weapons_tech_1 = 1
	mage_tower_tech = 1
	mage_tech = 1
	mage_equipment_tech_1 = 1

	stable_tech_1 = 1
	mount_taming_1 = 1
	mounted_footman_tech = 1

	siege_works = 1
	supply_wagon_tech = 1

	altar_of_kings_tech = 1
	royal_guard_tech = 1
	royal_guard_equipment_tech_1 = 1

	naval_facilities = 1
	small_frames = 1
	destroyer_tech_1 = 1
	naval_transport_1 = 1

}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutral
	last_election = "590.10.27"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
    alliance = 0
    horde = 0
    death = 0
    fel = 0
    old_gods = 10
    titans = 0
    neutral = 90
}

recruit_character = GRM_magatha_grimtotem
recruit_character = GRM_jevan_grimtotem
recruit_character = GRM_arnak_grimtotem
recruit_character = GRM_cliffwatcher_longhorn
recruit_character = GRM_elder_stormhoof
recruit_character = GRM_gorehoof_the_black
recruit_character = GRM_cor_grimtotem
recruit_character = GRM_gorm_grimtotem
recruit_character = GRM_grundig_darkcloud
recruit_character = GRM_harb_foulmountain
recruit_character = GRM_helka_grimtotem
recruit_character = GRM_isha_gloomaxe
recruit_character = GRM_kela_grimtotem
recruit_character = GRM_maur_grimtotem
recruit_character = GRM_orno_grimtotem
recruit_character = GRM_rahauro
recruit_character = GRM_ravak_grimtotem
recruit_character = GRM_tarakor
recruit_character = GRM_ton_windbow
